BIN-1174 | Update this repo to include GPIO and I3C notebooks and update global readme files (#6)
binhollc/SupernovaSDK-examples: notebooks/I3C-Protocol-API/I3C-Protocol-Controller-API/I3C-Protocol-Controller-API-Basic/README.md

# Demo of Supernova I3C Controller API

> This folder contains a two different notebooks to show how to use the Supernova SDK API to set and control the Supernova device as an I3C Controller. There are 2 notebooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains two different notebooks to show how to use the Supernova SDK API to set and control the Supernova device as an I3C Controller. There are 2 notebooks:
```

- [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API.ipynb](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API.ipynb) shows a general use case of the Supernova SDK API
- [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb) shows how the Supernova SDK handles the In-Band Interrupt notification based on the TDK ICM42605 sensor.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.10

> - Supernova host adapter running `firmware version >= 2.4.0`

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could specify our target in this example since it joins the bus via ENTDAA and has other specific features.

> - To run [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb), it is required an ICM42605 or ICM42688 sensor since it is required to access target-specific registers in order to configure the In-Band Interrupt feature. The notebook [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API.ipynb) it was created using also the ICM42605 sensor but it shows general I3C transfer so it might be used with other targets very quickly too.

Reviewer 2: I would make this redaction suggestion to avoid repeating the word"required" and make it more straightforward.

```suggestion
- To run [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API-ICM42605-In-Band-Interrupts.ipynb), an ICM42605 or ICM42688 sensor is required since the notebook modifies target-specific registers to configure the In-Band Interrupt feature. The [I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API](I3C-Protocol-Supernova-API.ipynb) notebook is also intended to be used with the ICM42605 sensor, but it shows general I3C transfer, so it can be modified to use other targets very quickly.
```

Author: Got it! Suggested change applied!
